fix: remove event emitter leak warning (#7201)
DataDog/dd-trace-js: AGENTS.md

### ECMAScript and Node.js API Standards

**Target Node.js 18.0.0 compatibility:**

- Use modern JS features supported by Node.js (e.g., optional chaining `?.`, nullish coalescing `??`)
- Guard newer APIs with version checks using [`version.js`](./version.js):

  ```js
  const { NODE_MAJOR } = require('./version')
  if (NODE_MAJOR >= 20) { /* Use Node.js 20+ API */ }
  ```

### Event handlers

- Use monitor symbols like `events.errorMonitor` when available
- Use `.once()` methods instead of `.on()`, if the event is only needed once

> - Limit event additions to the absolute minimum required

Reviewer: Ah, I see. It should probably be rephrased then. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Limit unique event listeners for a given event to the absolute minimum required
```
